everybody welcome Xing on the line
please the binding of issac a truth plus
we're just gonna do an even run today
because we can I'm going to keep it on
hardmode
because we can and this might actually
be a candidate for our first loss on
this save file 8 PP 0
yo serve so here we sit on the room
awaiting something how does this even
start look a bad is the easy answer we
have good rate of fire
babish damage horrible HP that's the the
crux of it speeds fine battery baby is
irrelevant with our existing spacebar
item but could in the future do
something for us 2 of hearts is actually
not bad it's like a saving grace of
things go terribly wrong so we need HP
on this floor or you know more excellent
would be to get like nine lives but the
odds of that are pretty low I don't even
know if we have wait what unlocks so I
mean this is butter bean but I don't
know if there was ever the ability for
it to be anything but butter bean so
we're just going to fart and try to keep
enemies at bay and who knows maybe this
will be one of those runs in which we
get a little bit of fondness for an item
that we really don't like altogether
that much I've never loved this item
butter bean butter bing bada boom this
is a weird reference I mean I think
that's something that you say like if
you're playing a stereotypical like
Italian like cosa nostra sort of mafia
guy in a movie but also there's a
restaurant in Canada called Eastside
Mario's which is why I say Mario instead
of Mario because they're some reason
they say East Side Mario's and in the
commercial there's an Italian guy who
goes East Side Mario's these son Mario's
how about a little bada-bing and you
know yeah your name is like Joe Johnson
I don't know if you should be doing that
ad but I'll run it by Robert and we'll
figure out if it's okay or not okay we
got to go back for the item room as much
as I wish we did not
as a kid Eastside Mario's was like my
favorite restaurant to go to bottomless
bread bottomless salad bottomless soup
at least at the time you know the
economy's changed a little bit since
then I haven't been to an Eastside
Mario's and forever it's one of those
restaurants Vancouver is rebukes it was
like it dis will blow your mind if
you're from Canada but you've never been
to Vancouver
we have no Swiss chalets and I believe
we have no Eastside Mario's which are
actually Eastside Mario's Mario Mario
Luigi Mario this is Eastside Mario my
restaurant owning brother also a great
restaurant to take your kids to because
hey they had trivia on the screen that
you could play with these weird little
consoles you could rent for your table
and B they would give you peanuts in the
shell and then you can eat the peanuts
and then just throw the shells on the
ground this is a beautiful time to be
alive oh wow
good I'm excited except I'm not excited
because we just took I'm excited I
should have gone for the card in
hindsight definitely but even like in
foresight we probably should have gone
for the card so as long as I mean this
isn't the worst enemy to be excited
obviously is not the best enemy to be
excited the best enemy would be no enemy
ever maybe a kind of a trick question
but yeah he's excited now we mostly at
the present moment have to watch out for
the moving attack that could do one full
heart I'm not completely sure wow I hate
this god I'm excited to do it
why
it didn't have to be like this holy crap
we're gonna go back for that half part
that was a nightmare man we also are not
really much better off for the next
floor to be honest with you but uh you
know we did what we could
the I'm excited pill was the big mess up
here who knows what that card could have
been it might have been garbage but it
might have also not been garbage which
is what I was banking on ideally bomb
please okay well we might as well like
kick this over so that we can get both
of those when we get a chance at least
but yeah bomb please wow these guys
don't get affected by the knock back I'm
glad I didn't leave it till the last
minute to give it an attempt there if
butter bean just did like a little
damage I would be so much less on edge
right now it did save us I mean in a way
I wouldn't say I got a newfound
appreciation for butter bean but I sort
of I feel like I understand it more at
this point but it's like why would you
ever I mean has a kind of a false
dilemma here but you got butter bean you
got telepathy telepathy is just it's
actually better than butter bean in
literally every single way it recharges
so you all know butter bean recharges
too so they're equal on that but it
allows you to shoot the bullets back at
the other enemies do damage to them just
doesn't have enough going for it to be
excited about like it says like a panic
you know
save yourself sort of situation that
might be okay okay this this is no joke
this bomb could actually like change the
scope of the game right now and it's
been good we got a half or sorry we got
a full spirit heart the golden key is
nice but we've got another bomb that we
can use right here and that's also nice
although I'm a little surprised that
neither of them paid out to a greater
magnitude than that
to spirit arts is good though I'm not
going to turn on my nose because I've
got a problem with their baggy clothes
you know I'd be a hater boy see ya later
boy he wasn't good enough for her no
bombs nothing to worry about them I'll
bomb no bombs might get the 15 cents
which is kind of a surprise considering
we spent money on the last floor
although only three cents we do also
have that was actually idiotic of me but
we do have another Tintin Rock if we get
super lucky as well okay hey brain stop
doing that thing you do starring Tom
Hanks we don't need to be that
aggressive about this situation right
here you're making things more
cumbersome than they need to be you
still got the half spirit art that's
valuable there is no need for it to ever
get to that point please give me a
sphere on our back nothing another pill
to we don't know a moon card which is
actually valuable if this is Krampus we
could always get out of there you know
what it's our first third deal with the
angel attempt here then had to happen at
some point and I'm happy that it is
going to happen but obviously not really
a big get for us right now to get ghost
baby in there at some point we'll have
to buy ghost baby a run this fragile I
don't know if it's the right time that's
all I'll say about that kind of surprise
myself
I thought these first few to be honest
too I thought there was a chance that
like the first 30 runs or something of
this new save file would be kind of
boring but it turns out that you know
the mechanics that make Isaac a fun game
to begin with you absolutely still make
it fun even when not all the items exist
and it's forcing me to play on the back
foot a little bit here which I quite
like as well so we're going to take
portable slot because we can oh there
was a tinted rock I'm a little obsessed
with trying to get the shop upgrades I
don't think it's a bad idea but it's
unnecessary right now
without a doubt because we could use a
bomb there and get a lot of value but
anyway I digress
bad gas and I guess we might as well
take Blitzer doesn't matter too much we
can use portable slop for some cool
things but mostly yep ofor is a pretty
good pickup there as long as they're
paying attention to the way they were
shooting and yet I'm not going to say
that this is like renewed my love of
Isaac because my love of Isaac has never
died I've always you know liked the game
a lot mechanically speaking so even if
the runs seemed like they were getting a
little tired from time to time I was
always the one having the most fun in
the room to be honest with you you know
what I just realized our range is not
actually that good I recognize I'm
talking about a rate of fire well
exclusively using our orbital to deal
damage but I'm trying to keep our rate
of fire at max while also feeling damage
with the orbital impossible anyway but
it's been nice to have kind of like a
opportunity to get more goal oriented in
the game again which we haven't had that
for you know at least 5 or 6 months now
it had become a little routine I guess
what I'm trying to say
we've only mixed up the routine slightly
but still the weird charm there that
actually works for us I don't think you
can lean on at before up forever but
certainly for now it's working pretty
well just keep firing in exactly the
same direction as long as is possible
we're basically having our rate of fire
it's pretty good ok to a club's ace of
clubs you know what hook it up well we
can't we don't want to ace of clubs of
two of clubs there's a lot of things you
don't want it I got to think about this
wiliness two kings we really lean as two
King like we should probably I mean we
might want to take the second hand to
begin with but
dummy we should probably try to get like
ace of clubs to work on a room with a
lot of junk that we don't care about and
then double the bombs that we get from
it or at least use that as like a stake
to start doubling our bombs because this
say mean as compared to the last row the
last round was an actual like 11 out of
those happen now and then once a week or
so you get a run it's just like so
strong there's nothing you could say
that would or nothing you could do that
could really mess it up but in this
situation it's kind of more like
anything can happen might be in our best
interest to first off get rid of the
blister because it's the knock back from
blister is just terrible I don't know
what I was thinking there when I picked
it up maybe we have to pick it up maybe
we don't I can't remember if trinkets
are compulsory it's not like we should
be worried about real platinum god we're
not going to accidentally unlock it it's
like the bare minimum number of runs
unlock real platinum God is like you
know 200 but well we have 200 but you
know it's up there that's what I'm
trying to get in when you factor in
challenges and stuff like that I think
we should let off the gas with that
before I here for a second we know
that's I'm excited um I don't know if we
want to go to the cursory scares me ever
so slightly so I think we should tell
you what drop to a clubs out here
then use ace of clubs I've got a good
feeling about this it works I'm kind of
surprised which we just get the coupon I
don't even know you could get that from
one of these guys we're learning new
things
it surprised me you know what let's
celebrate by possibly calling the whole
run into question right here no you got
a black heart out of it so basically we
broke even coupon is you know not a ten
out of ten item but it's pretty good and
honestly it seems better when shops are
smaller because it gives us a better
chance of actually getting the item we
want I think will by the spirit art
anyway but kind of interesting I'm going
to keep donating to hopefully get us to
like that extra shop upgrade as quickly
as possible because three item shops
unless you have the coupon not really a
ten out of ten actually like a pretty
sizable detriment for the most part we
want a fully charged coupon because it
does give us free deals with the devil
as well if we get a deal with the devil
which now makes it look like we should
have taken ghost baby but who could have
known that in advance ghost baby is I'm
not going to say always the wrong
decision but certainly not always the
right decision okay dude my orbital game
has been way way way off
my apologies it's beneath me as a player
even if I you know pride myself on being
veiny as opposed to good there's no
reason to take this much damage
well there's one reason and that's that
we're still rocking base stats with the
added value of that before I figure if
we just take mystery candy or mysterious
candy once knock it out of the equation
if necessary might as well do anything
we could possibly do to insulate
ourselves from forgetting about it this
is the floor I can already tell Sacred
Heart might be an on lock might be the
name of the hospital from Scrubs I can't
remember
just kind of like a junkie run so far
but it's good it's good that it's a junk
run even though I'm spinning it a little
bit because it means that these are not
all easy I was worried that the
difficulty curve would be like the first
10 runs here would be the easiest runs
in the world now we got kind of a quest
going on like how long can we go before
we get a loss on our on our new save
file what have you got a real platinum
God without getting a single loss is
that even possible don't you have to get
10 deaths to get like some items you
know let's worry about that as we get a
little further in let's not worry about
that on run for of all places it's a
little presumptuous perhaps dude I am
behind the 8-ball on this run right now
one spider might surprise you not going
to help that much though least we're
fighting non tanky enemies if we get
that first dodging on them we might be
okay try to keep our rate of fire up
I'll take anything
DPS rate of fire tier effects brimstone
mom's knife anything you name it dude I
just looked over at skype I've got two
skype messages no slow down in the game
I think no slow down in the game at
least if that's the case we're living in
the 21st century we may or may not be
doing this doing something mean to it
doing it better than anybody ever seemed
doing I knew it I was but I didn't want
to stop firing because I in my heart of
hearts I was like F before is more
valuable and then I ruined that again
okay poor poor poor poor poor plays
don't even try it buddy so I don't know
what we're going to do about that guy we
got to change directions to shoot at
that guy unless we can free him from
this nothing he's become there we go
this run cannot stand like this forever
using a single orbital to deal like
almost all of our damage is never gonna
last it can't be done I probably had two
minds about it I was going to say I
probably shouldn't have even taken the
HP because we might get rid of some of
it if we get to a deal with the devil
but we can always use the coupon and
keep our deal with the angel chance
alive instead while getting items for
free or at least get one copy for free
and then a lot of items are actually
pretty good
- all my lanta if I was less mad I would
have said a swear word but I was so mad
I've resorted to oh mylanta that's how
you know I'm I'm just just cheesed off
so I'm actually really glad we took the
the extra hard because if we didn't take
the extra heart we'd be on half a heart
right now I mean we'd go back for it but
we'd be nervous in the interim period
yeah we need that
let's just do this please be smart pig
crickets head get that damage upgrade
it's a very very good one blow this up
almost didn't get out of there in time
sure we could have walked on the spikes
lived even gotten access to that boss
Trap room but it's a more delicate
situation than you might be led to
believe at this point so now with with
six damage much much better off
especially with oh my god a potentially
increasing rate of fire although I'm
mostly just shooting whenever possible
right now there we go
jeez Louise so no coupon for this shop
but that's fine we've had a run in which
we've had to focus on Isaac like almost
the entire time this is a tense
situation it's funny how much experience
plays a role because like well there are
different kinds of games as well like
this is versus the AI so it feels less
like when you lose somebody else's brain
just beat yours like on an evolutional
or evolutionary level that makes me feel
like I just like fell down the food
chain a little bit and what I'm going to
say is that in battlegrounds when it
comes to like being in the final five or
even the final 10 I get like my hands
start to sweat I get like a warble in my
voice because I'm nervous in Isaac you
know we're in this relatively stall I
blew it completely relatively scary
situation and yet I feel good pretty
good feel pretty good I knew that I
would now - I'm excited pills and a
health downgrade to what do I owe the
pleasure this is
I mean it's we've gotten dps and I'm
extremely thankful for the DPS but dude
it's a little on the like go fudge
yourself side wouldn't you say one HP
and I picked up an HP upgrade I've taken
zero deals with the devil and I have one
HP run that through your little number
crunchers get data miners and see where
you end up strikes me as a very very
unlikely situation
sure again our damage is okay in six
point four zero damage is not ten out of
ten it's just okay for this stage of the
game I'm dead dude I'm actually I'm mad
I'm a little mad
we died on our first season run and our
hurts me deep down in my soul we did
throw away a lot of black arts and
spirit outs we shouldn't have thrown
away but I don't want to put up a 20
minute loss episode so we're going to do
in as asel run just to finish this out
6 7 M 9 HS 2x I was a little mad at the
end of that but you know what it's
alright the Isaac runs it's more
enjoyable when you've got a when you got
the plausibility of a loss and that's
one of those situations where you look
at it at the end and you go I never had
a chance but really there were multiple
times we really just should not have
used our orbital to deal so much damage
that's what cost us in the end there
will redeem ourselves someone get some
things ticked off the posted note here
and you know what I'll take any excuse
to do more even runs in the future that
bothers me like not at all
it's also extremely fitting that we lost
right after I went like oh it's funny
how experienced I'm like Cool Hand Luke
right now nothing could conceivably faze
me and all I'm dead
and I stood up out of my chair like a
four year old matted you know someone
beating him in a fighting game how dare
you
in my own house beat me at a game that I
paid for
I'm not proud of it but when I was
younger I did used to be a sore loser I
think it's honestly like part and parcel
of being an only child to some extent so
when I grew up like I only played games
against the AI and then occasionally
like go over to my friends house and
play right it wasn't a very very common
experience you don't learn to lose so
good you don't learn to lose gracefully
in that situation is jarrah flies right
just unfold right now still from time to
time I can see that tendency come out I
got to nip it in the bud because it's
very unbecoming of a man approaching his
30s although I think I've told this
story before but when I was younger I
used to play chess I wouldn't I don't
know if I'd say competitively but I also
don't want to say semi competitively
because it was competitive as at the
time it wasn't like I was about to go
pro but you know I played with people
that have become you know international
masters or I think I've played anybody
that's become a grandmaster
I played the there's an Ottawa
international master by the name of Tom
Wilson I think I played him at a
tournament once when I was like seven no
it's not grade seven and I mean what do
you think avid he destroyed me but he
was very nice about it which I
appreciate
anyway
I was playing in a local tournament like
in my hometown and in the first round I
got matched up against this like forty
or fifty year old guy he's a little
weird little squirrely you know what I
mean just always kind of like moving
around a lot and the chess community I
don't know what it's like now I've been
out of it for a long long time but it it
attracts a lot of a lot of normal people
a lot of overachievers but also a lot of
misfits you think it would be like oh
yeah I went to Oxford to study Chemical
Engineering but there's a lot of like
you know I run a newspaper out of my
basement and then you you know assume
that he's gonna be bad and he's actually
like a genius you know there's a lot of
that just goes to show you don't you
can't judge a book by looking at the
cover right but this guy was a little
squirrely and he made an error at one
point that was I mean clear to me at
least and I took one of his pieces and
at a certain level in chess if you make
an error like that somebody takes a
piece of yours uncontested you don't get
anything or it's like an absolutely
garbage trade you kind of just lose
you're just they'll just put the boa
constrictor around your neck until you
go down right so he went to forget what
he said but he was like I didn't have
even come tonight and he just stood up
and walked out and I just had to sit
there because we're on these clocks
right he hasn't resigned he just walked
out of the building he could have just
gone for a smoke and come back I didn't
know what was going to happen but he
never came back so I sat there watching
his like a hundred and twenty minutes
slowly dwindle Chris I mean it's a bad
look for an adult I'm just going to be
honest with you not that it's I guess
you know you work hard all day and then
you go to the Chess Club and you get
beaten by thirteen-year-old kid you're
like forty five years old
you know something like that but still
like you kind of got to accept that
chance is one of those things whereas
like the younger you are
if you're like 10 and you're competing
against adults I would rather match up
against the adults in the ten-year-old
because I might have a better chance
against the ten-year-old you never know
maybe they'll get distracted or
something but if they've got the skills
and they defeat me I'm also going to
suffer a great loss of my own
self-confidence in the interim period so
you know it says it's a lower risk high
reward sort of situation to play things
the other way around my crowning
achievement is at a low another local
tournament I tied for I think 3rd in my
age group or maybe my rating group
because they segregated sometimes you're
playing against people of roughly the
same skill level and I won maybe $50
somewhere around there and I bought Tony
Hawk's Pro Skater 4 and that probably
has had a larger influence on my on my
growth than anything else because to
this day dude Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4
that's an all-time great Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater game I like it maybe more than 2
I like the lack of a time limit you know
I like the Alcatraz map I like the
shopping carts Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3
was the only Tony Hawk game of like the
first 5 that I didn't own I own one 2
sug what is this mr. mee it's mr. mee 6
yeah ok
what keeps you stolen item for me okay I
don't understand what happens inside
tell you to grab this thing he okay yeah
I have no idea but we'll give it a try
it's not because I think Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater 3 is bad I've rented it many
times in fact I don't know why ever I
never bought it it's a it's haunted me
to this day especially because it's the
only Tony Hawk's Pro Skater that
GameSpot has given a ten point zero out
of ten oh you're a real fan of Tony
Hawk's Pro Skater three names some of
the maps then I don't remember there's
one that's in like the suburbs but you
know the talking about Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater one oh dude you got warehouse you
got school
Oh G school you got Chicago the first
skatepark level you got Kona or wait is
it Portland I can't remember
you got Roswell you got mauled you got
that weird Phoenix level where you like
skate down the Grand Canyon and the
hidden tape was almost impossible to get
so I learned how to do it and then I did
it on all of my friends cartridges and
it was you know what let's test this it
made me feel like a god okay all right
so it's like it really bad at dealing
damage but it does deal some sure but
what does it do apart from that because
it seems like the extra draw is in the
the ability of it to like help us out
when it comes to items I don't know
we'll find out I suppose did you know
that Tony Hawk Underground has a
Vancouver map I did it didn't dawn on me
but I looked at it recently and I was
like I mean there's a skateboarding
senior I'm not saying it's the biggest
one in the world but you know under the
Georgia viaduct you got all sorts of
skaters going on down there but then
also one time I drove by there and there
was like a whole watermelon with a bunch
of maggots crawling out of it and I was
like that's pretty metal but at the same
time and I'm going to take my kids is
the Rec Center if I'm giving them a
chance to like they learn how to
skateboard I'm not taking them to the
the maggot melon park as cool as that
might be I mean we should pick up the
cartridge maybe honor okay what are you
gonna do here mysterious go do something
if nothing else we get the stad bonus
out of dim bulb here and the charge rate
is much higher now but soon understand
it I don't think it steals items I think
it just brings you items because it
grabbed jar of flies but jar of flies is
an item we had already needs like owned
so I don't know what it does we also
can't control it after it fires for the
first time so you got a hope of the
enemy is like somewhat stationary I
always thought it'd be really cool to
have like my city in a video game and
then I looked at the Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater or Tony Hawk underground version
of Vancouver which I have not seen in
like 20 years yy-you said come on buddy
and I said that doesn't really look like
Vancouver at all I mean I sort of see it
you got like the the Vancouver
Observatory or whatever is the
restaurant at the top of Vancouver we
don't know a ton of landmarks we got
science world science world's pretty
cool
big old geodesic dome more of like a you
know we got natural beauty here as they
said in the song people from everywhere
come to see you they've heard of your
beauty they don't want to leave you
again I forgot about that
where auntie sign yeah so clean and the
one is so cute anyway mess now can you
choose the sea great song
alright alright what do you doing oh it
seeks out enemies maybe you don't need
to position it on an enemy it'll just
seek it out yeah I've been operating
under a false pretense for too long here
I don't know I'm glad I did another one
though I'm glad I didn't leave on the on
the sore note of just like you know we
lost that this is a sour note not a sore
note of having lost that
last episode is Eden because this is
bringing me back even though of course
being Azazel is essentially you know
little baby mode in and of itself what
if I put you over here what you do you
blow it up that doesn't seem that good i
cuz the I guess here's what I'm thinking
it does based on what you send it
towards I'm guessing what we will floor
we on that's one of teleport to the
Emperor room here we want to do boss
rush impossible is the thing so I'm
guessing knock that out that was our
curse last time that it like
contextually tries to figure out what
you would I know this sounds ridiculous
but what you would wanted to do based on
what you fire it at like a
pre-programmed is like oh you sent me
towards this thing I guess you want me
to blow this thing up but in this case
it's like oh you sent me towards an
enemy I guess you want me to deal damage
to the enemy I've seen the Rick and
Morty episode okay I don't know what
happened we should send it into like a
deal with the devil or so we should send
it into many different areas here and
see what happens I guess but for now I'm
trying to suss it out I just don't know
what the present moment it's like that
Norah Jones song I just don't know what
to do with the present moment oh you
don't know that one it's a classic it
was like waited till last thought I knew
I just don't know what it do you're not
going to give me a donation machine here
I'm a little insulted I'll take that
I might even rewind it back a dip low
Pia let me try I got a try it's only got
one mr. musics I've noticed oh no he did
steal the item okay
but I can't pick it up all righty
little weird I mean it's obviously this
is not bad it's actually very good if it
allows us to steal shop items like I'm
in dude plus that means every battery
charge is a free shop item it's like a
freaking super coupon speaking of which
there's the coupon which also gives us
an item for free we're they all right we
don't care about the moving box get out
of here might as well use the coupon
once when we have stuff that we like
yeah that'll do it and we had car
battery so it actually used it on two
things there this is a wild one moon
card fool card both teleporters to a
hearts not relevant okay what are we
doing here I don't know I'm confused the
whole thing is it's gone on too long now
we maybe should not steal sharp plug but
I'll steal it anyway
because we can so I guess I've come
around to this actually being like a
fantastic item even though I don't fully
understand what it does at all
it's done some positive stuff for us
right here I don't know what happened
there all right let's get the heck out
of here that was really good
mostly I think
cool item dude booster packs great idea
for Isaac keep up the good work probably
really want dim bulb
it's useful for us so rarely as a result
of you know the kind of space bar item
that we have that if it makes a ton of
sense we should have sent ghosts yeah we
could have gotten ghosts maybe for free
probably I don't know I don't know we've
got plenty of time to get ready for boss
rush here so let's just crack into this
moon card out there are two battery
charges so we might as well like blow up
this dude or whatever the heck he sees
fit to do we got free access here not
like it's a huge get or anything but
we're getting like endless nearly free
items especially with sackboy thank you
longest sack boy ever sag blue okay I'm
sorry I shouldn't try to keep up with
the the hip memes of the present era
Tukka Tukka Tukka Tukka now we don't
care about any of that I don't care
about those period hearts anyway I don't
care about that I guess if we come to
meet him it has no collision for a
second
well
weird is basically I don't know what to
think about this item I can only think
that it's great because it's given us a
bunch of free shop stuff so I'm assuming
it also gives us free deal with the
devil stuff but it also can be a bomba
media I wonder if it could be a key when
we need it to be
seems pretty you know like polymorphic
in that sense but I basically just don't
know we got enough time let's go back we
got 10 cents use bombs use bombs this
thing's probably going to break soon but
I'm gonna buy the spirit artists that
was like the worst bomb in the Earth's
history I'm sure I will I will take body
in a box nothing wrong with that in my
mind we could buy another spirit heart
I'd really rather just get something
much better but we can get one for free
Oh
that's a bummer what he died doesn't
have enough range or some that whatever
okay here's we will just buy this it's
not like we needed a two of bombs which
is not too a combo to get something done
here I'm just I'm a little surprised
that the the fact that we didn't get
what I thought we were going to get
there okay I don't care about a mimic
but I do like the fishtail we don't have
bombs that actually do anything for it
right now but I like it nonetheless if
we can get something that works for
that's fine sofe uric acid does nothing
for us but we're going to take it
regardless because we should take items
that we know we haven't seen before
unless we're in a position where we need
to get the reroll I'm not trying to be
like to progress oriented but why not
why not take items we know we haven't
seen before on this SAF file and try to
make something happen there okay big
mistake on the damage Department they're
a little nervous if we end up doing boss
rush actually you're just like Midna
buddy in a box is so annoying we don't
need the golden key presumably we don't
need the golden key at least we should
go back and get it because I feel like
an idiot for not picking it up but we
probably won't need it the only reason
I'm worried about boss rush is like
damage is good but what is not good is
our range which is very common as a
faisal but either way
yeah maybe like stop walking into
enemies because that's kind of would
screwed you on the last run you can see
my people might be a little cheesed off
by that falling into some bad habits
here
latchkey is fine what happens okay hear
me out here what's the most valuable
item probably eight and a half inch
nails here so here's what I'm going to
do is I'm going to send you down here
and I'm going to pick up this item
I really thought we might be able to get
both items I thought but it's hard
because I can't see the other dude on
the screen but I thought we had a chance
at least if it worked it would have been
glorious you got to take the shot there
the real problem with this item is like
an offensive item so dumb is that I
can't use it and shoot at the same time
[Music]
so it's not really very efficient when
your damage is good I don't think you
should use it for anything but stealing
items from the from the applications
that I've seen so far doesn't seem to be
much point
all right I mean is going to be a little
bit on the longer side as far as
episodes go but kind of comes with the
territory
what uh I don't know what happened there
but I don't like this guy moving it like
ten times the speed of his normal
existence this broken modem speed
enemies up if this is the eighth time
I've had that revelation I can't
remember why is the door opens I'm
confused what happens that we turn mr.
musics on ourself hopefully not a Isaac
- ng is stopped working alright so we're
gonna be done with boss rush here any
second now
it's not about the items we get it's
about the progress that we make I'm
going to try not to use it because I
just don't think there's a reason to
right now beyond like occasionally we'll
have dim bulb but oh wait we're not even
using dim bulb anymore there's no point
to use it except to like very slightly
damage enemies that we could probably
kill faster than they'd get damaged in
the first place you know what though it
might actually be a good time to try it
against this guy nope he sought out an
enemy I wish he didn't but I thought
maybe like he could keep us out of
harm's way
yeah I mean I apologize I'm slumping a
little bit here I don't know why my
mechanical Isaac skills have dwindled
today does not seeing the board very
well as we say the competitive chess
community uh-huh you a normal person
hello me a chess player elo a jokes not
very good but it does actually they use
elo as a rating in the feed a rating
system extremely vis one Athan an on
voice and the chess champion of the
world from 2002 to 2005 now it's all
about all these hip chess players like
Magnus Carlsen back in my day the only
Swedish Carlsen I knew was a hockey
player for the Ottawa Senators not I'm
not using it just freaking try me okay
come down here be mom's heart finish
this episode up and get a clean slate
for the next one I don't want to make
the whole episode chess topic because I
really like I was maximum like a 1600
player competitively when I played but
sometimes people ask me about chess I
still have I still have opinions albeit
not necessarily strong ones either in
terms of their merit or their four
study I don't know how that hit by the
way but for example when they say what
opening did you play as far as I'm
concerned if you don't play efore on
your first move is wipe your little baby
any time I play someone who by the way
if you're playing black you match it
with E 5 you don't play the Sicilian
defense this is North America we play a
wide open tactics driven style here ok
any time you open or you play against
somebody and they open with like Queen
pawn up to you go okay we're playing it
some guy who thinks he's very clever
of course I'm mostly making a joke I
mean of course I'm mostly making a joke
but I'm an e4 or respond to e4 with e5
kind of guy just the kind of guy am keep
it simple keep it uh you know wide open
with the possibility for creative
tactics you know I'm not the kind of guy
likes to look at a chessboard where
nobody's lost a piece 45 minutes into
the game try to like move your pawn wall
like one space up to get more space on
your opponent and you know slowly steal
the life away from them
come on there we go um yeah we'll finish
up this floor pretty easily they will
know they won't give us a chance to do
hush we have an unlock Tasha we figured
that out on our last episode take this
fight cramping is the first time we
fought Krampus if the dream come true
head of Krampus has appeared in the
basement that's not a lump of coal yeah
I mean I didn't want it anyway
that's what I keep telling myself but
it's not that good all we got to do is
beat mom's heart and then we're free
from this prison that I've created for
myself here of just doing okay on this
Azazel run but making mistakes we
shouldn't be making without a doubt
who's your favorite chess player of all
time I didn't have one but I read a lot
of books from American chess Pro yeah
source irawan because they were cheap at
the bookstore close to my house so you
know what yes or Serie 1 you don't get
enough respect buddy
everyone's always like daddy t-shirt nah
you taught me everything I needed to
know right that's not going to work
about being an okay chess player that I
never really had you know ascended past
that point but that's okay I just kind
of like bored of it dude I know chess
says like this there's a certain I
wouldn't say glamour but you know the
the idea that you have when you think of
chess players my hole it's very smart
and that's true but did well most of the
time but the downside is there's like so
much practice that as a like a 14 year
old when I when I basically quit
competitive semi competitive chess I was
like I want to spend like six hours a
week reading and like 20 hours a week
playing chess anymore especially when
you talk to people and they're like you
know probably your ceiling is like
International Master which is really
good it's like that top point zero
one percentage of chess players but it's
not good enough to really be like
competitive outside of a local area so
you're like okay so I could spend like
unless you really hole is going to be
dicey dude unless you really love the
game it can be hard to justify that time
and I had I had fallen out of love with
it probably by being too
results-oriented not a sad thing really
just just a thing so the ultimate irony
of this run is that we might lose again
and if we do we do I'll survive but the
the second irony is that the clicker
might have been the right choice because
it would have given us okay come on okay
two strengths cards we could try to use
those to get a an extra heart container
out of the blood bank but I don't think
it's the right idea but the clicker
could have given us a respawn and if we
became a different character we would
start with more HP and probably have a
better chance to win infamy actually
just saved us from death pop one
strength card here just be smart it
would be nice to pop two of them on the
next on the next room against mom's
heart but one here one on the next room
should be fine and let's pretend we're
not good at Isaac well you've been doing
a convincing job so far hey good one
buddy
last time I heard that when I fell off
my freaking dinosaur Dae & L's knock
okay okay okay
but granting a devil card in with us as
well not saying we got a guaranteed way
in here but I think we got a good chance
not that that's anything to be proud of
is Azazel but hey
we're coming back here right I'm coming
back oh I want the will to move I don't
know we could get tagged
I'm waiting on like broken modem to slow
the enemy down give us a chance to land
a shot jeez that was actually real dicey
at the end good tactics though mikhail
tall anyway thanks for watching we
unlock some new items and hopefully
unlock some more self-esteem as well if
you enjoyed the episode click the like
button helps out a great deal of course
subscribe did you want to see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time on
our quest for I don't know 3 million
percent see you then until then 1.4
exclamation point exclamation point
[Music]